Oh, Dad really underestimates you.
Take Dawan Square
She will soon be the first female president of Jiangdong
Hahahaha
INVAN
Get down to business
Don't pester us all day long, Qinghe Mom
Don't say that again
This time
Thanks to Lin Fan
Pull it down, I saw it with my own eyes at the scene
Said it was thanks to the big shot behind my sister
Who is that behind you?
Who else could it be but me?
Lin Fan, you're already drunk before you drink
Okay, okay.
Today Qinghe won the project of Dawan Square
My Qiao Family Revival Tour
I declare that starting today
Qinghe is the president of Qiao Group
Thank you for your trust in Grandpa and the Qiao family
Lin Fan and I live up to our trust
Cheers are not good, not good, not bad, oops
It's not good.
All the factories of our group
I was ordered and collected.